Perform Interaction Multipick (#993)
smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution: proposals/NNNN-PerformInteractionMultipick.md

       <description>
          IDs of the choices that were selected in response to a multipick performInteraction. Allows duplicate choiceIDs so that the HMI can send back the same choice ID multiple times to relay a quantity back to the app.
          Only is valid if general result is "success:true".
       </description>
      </param>	
    </function>	
```

Then do the same for the `HMI_API`:
```xml
<interface name="UI" version="X.X.X" date="X-X-X">
.
.
.
  <function name="PerformInteraction" messagetype="request">
  .
  .
  .
    <param name="multiPickConfirmationButtonText" type="String" maxlength="500" mandatory="false">
      <description>
        If this parameter is set, then this is a Multipick performInteraction. This text will be the button that a person uses to finish choosing items.
      </description>
    </param>
  </function>
  
  <function name="PerformInteraction" messagetype="response">
  .
  .
  .
    <param name="choiceIDArray" type="Integer" minsize="1" maxsize="100" minvalue="0" maxvalue="2000000000" array="true" mandatory="false">
      <description>

>         IDs of the choices that were selected in response to a multipick performInteraction. Allows duplicate choiceIDs so that the HMI can send back the same choice ID multiple times to relay a quantity back to the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        IDs of the choices that were selected in response to a multipick performInteraction. Allows duplicate choiceIDs so that the HMI can send back the same choiceID multiple times to relay a quantity back to the app.
```

        Only is valid if general result is "success:true".
      </description>
    </param>	
  </function>
</interface>
```

The SDL Mobile libraries will do some handling of providing the `choiceID` or `choiceIDArray` response back to the app. 

> On older headunits, the app might request a multipick `performInteraction` but the headunit would ignore the parameter of `multiPickConfirmationButtonText` and the response would only end up being a single choice ID.  If the `choiceID` and `choiceIDArray` are both present in the response from the HMI, then Mobile libraries will just send back `choiceIDArray`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On older head units, the app might request a multipick `performInteraction` but the head unit would ignore the parameter of `multiPickConfirmationButtonText` and the response would only end up being a single choiceID.  If the `choiceID` and `choiceIDArray` are both present in the response from the HMI, then Mobile libraries will just send back `choiceIDArray`.
```

If a multipick PI times out, then SDL shall send a response of `TIMED_OUT` with no choices.

## Potential downsides

> Adds complexity to core and HMI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds complexity to Core and HMI. 
```

> On older headunits, the user would only be able to pick one thing from the multipick perform interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On older head units, the user would only be able to pick one thing from the multipick perform interaction.
```

## Impact on existing code

> This adds complexity to Core and the HMI

Reviewer: Can you update this section to also speak to the impact on iOS and Java Suite?

      </description>
    </param>
    <param name="choiceSet" type="Common.Choice" minsize="1" maxsize="100" array="true" mandatory="false">
      <description>The list of choices to be used for the interaction with the user</description>
    </param>
    <param name="timeout" type="Integer" minvalue="5000" maxvalue="100000" defvalue="10000" mandatory="true">
      <description>Timeout in milliseconds.</description>
    </param>
    <param name="interactionLayout" type="Common.LayoutMode" mandatory="false">
      <description>See LayoutMode.</description>
    </param>
    <param name="appID" type="Integer" mandatory="true">
      <description>ID of application that concerns this RPC.</description>
    </param>
    <param name="cancelID" type="Integer" mandatory="false">
      <description>
        An ID for this specific alert to allow cancellation through the `CancelInteraction` RPC.
      </description>
    </param>
  </function>
</interface>
```
```xml
  <function name="PerformInteractionMultipick" messagetype="response">
    <param name="choiceID" type="Integer" minsize="1" maxsize="100" minvalue="0" maxvalue="2000000000" array="true" mandatory="false">

>       <description>IDs of the choices that were selected. Allows duplicate choiceIDs so that the HMI can send back the same choice ID multiple times to relay a quantity back to the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <description>IDs of the choices that were selected. Allows duplicate choiceIDs so that the HMI can send back the same choiceID multiple times to relay a quantity back to the app.

```

# Perform Interaction Multipick

* Proposal: [SDL-NNNN](NNNN-PerformInteractionMultipick.md)
* Author: [Michael Crimando](https://github.com/MichaelCrimando)
* Status: **Awaiting review**

> * Impacted Platforms: [Core / iOS / Java Suite / JavaScript / RPC ]

Reviewer: `HMI` should be added here, based on your description in the `Impact on existing code` section.

```

The SDL Mobile libraries will do some handling of providing the `choiceID` or `choiceIDArray` response back to the app. 
On older head units, the app might request a multipick `performInteraction` but the head unit would ignore the parameter of `multiPickConfirmationButtonText` and the response would only end up being a single choiceID.  If the `choiceID` and `choiceIDArray` are both present in the response from the HMI, then Mobile libraries will just send back `choiceIDArray`.

If a multipick PI times out, then SDL shall send a response of `TIMED_OUT` with no choices.

## Potential downsides

This adds complexity to Mobile Libraries, JavaScript Library, Core and the HMI. 

## Impact on existing code

> This adds complexity to Mobile Libraries, JavaScript Library, Core and the HMI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This adds complexity to Mobile Libraries, JavaScript Library, Core and the HMI.

```

```xml
  <function name="PerformInteractionMultipick" messagetype="response">
    <param name="choiceID" type="Integer" minsize="1" maxsize="100" minvalue="0" maxvalue="2000000000" array="true" mandatory="false">

>       <description>IDs of the choices that were selected. Allows duplicate choiceIDs so that the HMI can send back the same choiceID multiple times to relay a quantity back to the app.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <description>IDs of the choices that were selected. Allows duplicate choiceIDs so that the HMI can send back the same choiceID multiple times to relay a quantity back to the app.
```
